		  Workshop Proposal: International Workshop on Logical
       Frameworks and Meta-Languages: Theory and Practice (LFMTP)

SCIENTIFIC CONTENT

Description:
  Logical frameworks and meta-languages form a common substrate for
  representing, implementing, and reasoning about a wide variety of
  deductive systems of interest in logic and computer science. Their
  design and implementation on the one hand and their use in reasoning
  tasks ranging from the correctness of software to the properties of
  formal computational systems on the other hand have been the focus
  of considerable research over the last three decades. This workshop
  will bring together designers, implementors, and practitioners to
  discuss various aspects impinging on the structure and utility of
  logical frameworks, including the treatment of variable binding,
  inductive and co-inductive reasoning techniques, and the expressivity
  and lucidity of the reasoning process.

  LFMTP 2024 will provide researchers a forum to present
  state-of-the-art techniques and discuss progress in areas such as
  the following:
  - Encoding and reasoning about the meta-theory of programming
    languages and related formally specified systems.
  - Theoretical and practical issues concerning the treatment of
    variable binding, especially the representation of, and reasoning
    about, datatypes defined from binding signatures.
  - Logical treatments of inductive and co-inductive definitions and
    associated reasoning techniques.
  - New theory contributions such as canonical and substructural frameworks,
    contextual frameworks, proof-theoretic foundations supporting
    binders, functional programming over logical frameworks, or homotopy
    type theory.
  - Systematic translation, combination, and integration of logics or
    theorem prover libraries.
  - Applications of logical frameworks, e.g. in certification and
    guarantee of security properties.
  - Techniques for programming with binders in functional programming
    languages such as Haskell, OCaml, or Agda and logic programming
    languages such as lambda Prolog or Alpha-Prolog.

History:
  The proposed workshop continues the series of workshops on logical
  frameworks and meta-languages that started in 1999.  It began with
  LFM and MERLIN, which were interleaved until 2005.  These two
  workshops were merged in 2006 to form LFMTP, which has has grown
  into one of the main venues for presenting results on type theories
  and logical frameworks.

  LFM: International Workshop on Logical Frameworks and Meta-languages
  (1999 - 2004)

     LFM'99, Paris, France, affiliated with PPDP and PLI, organized by
     Amy Felty (now University of Ottawa)

     LFM'00, Santa Barbara, USA, affiliated with LICS, organized by
     Joelle Despeyroux (INRIA)

     LFM'02, Copenhagen, Denmark, affiliated with LICS at FLOC,
     organized by Frank Pfenning (Carnegie Mellon University).

     LFM'04, Cork, Ireland, affiliated with IJCAR, organized by
     Carsten Schürmann (Yale University)

  MERLIN: International Workshop on MEchanized Reasoning about Languages
  with variable BInding (2001 - 2005)

     MERLIN 2001, Siena, Italy, affiliated with IJCAR, organized by
     Roy L. Crole, Simon J. Ambler, and Alberto Momigliano (then at
     University of Leicester, UK)

     MERLIN 2003, Uppsala, Sweden, affiliated with PLI, organized by
     Alberto Momigliano (then at University of Leicester, UK) and
     Marino Miculan (University of Udine, Italy)

     MERLIN 2005, Tallinn, Estonia, affiliated with ICFP, organized by
     Alberto Momigliano (then at University of Edinburgh), Ivan
     Scagnetto (Universiy of Udine), and Alwen Tiu (INRIA Lorraine)

  LFMTP: International Workshop on Logical Frameworks and
  Meta-Languages: Theory and Practice (2006 - present)

     LFMTP'06, Seattle, USA, affiliated with LICS and IJCAR at FLoC,
     organized by Brigitte Pientka (McGill University) and Alberto
     Momigliano (University of Edinburgh)

     LFMTP'07, Bremen, Germany, affiliated with CADE, organized by
     Carsten Schürmann (IT University of Copenhagen) and Brigitte
     Pientka (McGill University)

     LFMTP'08, Pittsburgh, USA, affiliated with LICS, organized by
     Andreas Abel (LMU) and Christian Urban (TUM)

     LFMTP'09, Montreal, Canada, affiliated with CADE, organized by
     Amy Felty (University of Ottawa) and James Cheney (University of
     Edinburgh)

     LFMTP'10, Edinburgh, Scotland, affiliated with LICS at FLoC,
     organized by Karl Crary (Carnegie Mellon University) and Marino
     Miculan (University of Udine).

     LFMTP'11, Nijmegen, The Netherlands, affiliated with ITP,
     organized by Herman Geuvers (Radboud University Nijmegen) and
     Gopalan Nadathur (University of Minnesota).

     LFMTP'12, Copenhagen, Denmark, affiliated with ICFP, organized
     by Adam Chlipala (MIT) and Carsten Schuermann (ITU)

     LFMTP'13, Boston, USA, affiliated with ICFP, organized by Alberto
     Momigliano (University of Milan), Brigitte Pientka (McGill
     University), and Randy Pollack (Harvard University)

     LFMTP'14, Vienna, Austria, affiliated with CSL-LICS and IJCAR as part of FLoC and VSL'14, organized by Amy Felty (University of Ottawa) and Brigitte Pientka (McGill University)
     
     LFMTP'15, Berlin, Germany, affiliated with CADE-25, organized by Iliano Cervesato (Carnegie Mellon University) and Kaustuv Chaudhuri (INRIA)
	 
     LFMTP'16, Porto, Portugal, affiliated with FSCD, organized by Gilles Dowek (INRIA) and Dan Licata (Carnegie Mellon University)

     LFMTP'17, Oxford, UK, affiliated with FSCD, organized by Florian Rabe (Jacobs University Bremen) and Marino Miculan (University of Udine)

     LFMTP'18, Oxford, UK, affiliated with FLoC, organized by Frédéric Blanqui (INRIA, France) and Giselle Reis (Carnegie Mellon University, Qatar)

     LFMTP'19, Oxford, UK, affiliated with LICS'19, organized by Dale Miller (INRIA and LIX, France) and Ivan Scagnetto (University of Udine)

     LFMTP'20, Paris, France, affiliated with IJCAR'20, organized by Claudio Sacerdoti Coen (University of Bologna) and Alwen Tiu (Australian National University)

     LFMTP'21, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, affiliated with CADE 28, organized by Elaine Pimentel (Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte: Natal, RN, BR) and Enrico Tassi (Inria, Sophia-Antipolis, FR)

     LFMTP'22, Haifa, Israel, affiliated with FLoC 2022, organized by David Baelde (ENS Cachan, France) and Vivek Nigam (Federal University of Para’ba, Brazil)

     LFMTP'23, Rome, Italy, affiliated with FSCDÕ23, organized by Alberto Ciaffaglione (Universitˆ degli Studi di Udine) and Carlos Olarte (LIPN, UniversitŽ Sorbonne Paris Nord)

     
ORGANIZATION

Organizers
   Workshop Co-chairs:
   - Claudio Sacerdoti Coen (University of Bologna)
   - Florian Rabe (Jacobs University Bremen)

   Steering Committee
    - David Baelde (ENS Rennes)
    - Amy Felty (University of Ottawa)
    - Dale Miller (Inria Saclay)
    - Brigitte Pientka (McGill University)
    - Elaine Pimentel (University College London)
    - Enrico Tassi (Inria Sophia-Antipolis)
    - Alwen Tiu (Australian National University)

   Potential Program Committee Members (TBD)
    - XXX
   
Estimate of Audience Size
   20-40

Proposed Format
   The workshop program will be composed of regular papers (formally reviewed and published), invited talks, and informal work-in-progress talks.
   
Budget
   The workshop expenses consist of expenses for about 2 invited speakers. We expect to profit from the attendance to the main conference for providing the invited speakers.

Potential Invited Speakers
   LFMTP and its predecessor workshops have had many invited speakers
   over the years.  We will ask the program committee for suggestions.  Some
   initial suggestions include:

XXX Adapt dates
Tentative Schedule
   Abstract submission deadline: XXX
   Submission deadline:          XXX
   Notification to authors:      XXX
   Final version due:            XXX
   Workshop:                     XXX
   
Procedures for Selecting Papers and Participants
   Submissions will include regular papers of approximately 8 pages
   and work-in-progress papers of approximately 4 pages (formatted
   using EPTCS style).  As in the past, we will have a program
   committee of 8-10 people who will formally review the papers and help
   select the invited speakers.
   The topics are typically of interest to attendees of LICS, FSCD and ICALP track B.
   As in the previous years, the workshop will be publicized through
   mailing lists by repeated calls for papers and participation.
   
Plans for Dissemination
   We plan to publish accepted papers electronically as part of the ACM
   International Conference Proceedings Series as has been done in
   several recent years.

Duration
   1 day

Preferred Date
   
