Logical Frameworks and Meta-Languages: Theory and Practice
2024-07-08
organized by Florian Rabe, Claudio Sacerdoti Coen
in Tallinn, Estonia
satellite event of FSCD (which was held with LiCS and ICALP)

CfP and Reviewing:

The CfP asked for both formal papers and short abstracts/work-in-progress (WiP) submissions.
The workshop received 8 submissions, which were assigned to 10 PC members (of which 1 was a woman).
Each paper received 3 reviews.
To accommodate both a late submission deadline and the early-bird conference registration deadline, the PC members were asked to give immediately feedback on whether the submission is acceptable for at least a WiP presentation.
Authors were then notified immediately that they were highly likely to be able to speak at the workshop.

Programme:

In the end, 6 submissions materialized and were accepted for presentation.
These included 4 regular submissions, 1 WiP submission, and 1 regular submission (*) that was only accepted as WiP.
1 regular submission was initially accepted conditionally and briefly re-reviewed before being accepted.
Additionally, Carsten Schürmann gave an invited talk.

The invited presentation received 60 minutes.
All 6 contributed presentations received 45 minutes.
The latter choice worked well, making the (often technical) presentations more relaxed and allowing more time for questions.
The speakers for (*) did not show up at the workshop.

Attendance during the sessions (in-person+zoom participants) was 10+1 for the invited talk and 14+0, 8+3, and 8+3 for the 3 sessions with 2 contributed talks each.

Proceedings:

We applied for EPTCS proceedings when it was clear that we would have enough strong submissions.
The proceedings have appeared as EPTCS 404. See https://cgi.cse.unsw.edu.au/~eptcs/content.cgi?LFMTP2024
Publishing with EPTCS was free, quick, and convenient.
Additionally all pdf-papers are available on the LFMTP homepage.

One author asked us whether we plan a special issue for LFMTP.
We do not have plans for that yet, and the steering committee may have an opinion on whether that is worth trying, maybe jointly with another workshop like LSFA.