CALL FOR PAPERS

Logical Frameworks and Meta-Languages: Theory and Practice  (Post-Proceedings)
LFMTP 2020 https://lfmtp.org/workshops/2020/

Abstract submission deadline:  2 October 2020 
Paper submission deadline:     9 October 2020



ABOUT LFMTP

Logical frameworks and meta-languages form a common substrate for representing,
implementing and reasoning about a wide variety of deductive systems of interest
in logic and computer science. Their design, implementation and their use in
reasoning tasks, ranging from the correctness of software to the properties of
formal systems, have been the focus of considerable research over the last two
decades. This workshop will bring together designers, implementors and
practitioners to discuss various aspects impinging on the structure and utility
of logical frameworks, including the treatment of variable binding, inductive
and co-inductive reasoning techniques and the expressiveness and lucidity of the
reasoning process.

The LFMTP 2020 workshop adopts a post-proceedings publication model. The
workshop itself took place on 29-30 June 2020 online, jointly with IJCAR and
FSCD. Now that the workshop has concluded, we solicit submissions of full papers
for the post-proceedings of LFMTP 2020, which will go through the normal
peer-review process. Submission is open to all; attendance at the workshop is
not prerequisite. 

Submissions related to the following topics are welcome: * Encoding and
reasoning about the meta-theory of programming languages, process calculi and
related formally specified systems.

* Formalisation of model-theoretic and proof-theoretic semantics of logics.

* Theoretical and practical issues concerning the treatment of variable binding,
especially the representation of, and reasoning about, datatypes defined from
binding signatures.

* Logical treatments of inductive and co-inductive definitions and associated
reasoning techniques, including inductive types of higher dimension in homotopy
type theory.

* Graphical languages for building proofs and their applications in geometry,
equational reasoning and category theory.

* New theory contributions: canonical and substructural frameworks, contextual
frameworks, proof-theoretic foundations supporting binders, functional
programming over logical frameworks, homotopy and cubical type theory.

* Applications of logical frameworks: proof-carrying architectures, proof
exchange and transformation, program refactoring, etc.

* Techniques for programming with binders in functional programming languages
such as Haskell, OCaml or Agda, and logic programming languages such as lambda
Prolog or Alpha-Prolog.

* Design and implementation of systems and tools related to meta-languages and
logical frameworks


IMPORTANT DATES

All deadlines are established as the end of day (23:59) AoE.

* Abstract submission deadline:  2 October 2020 
* Paper submission deadline:     9 October 2020 
* Notification to authors:      20 November 2020 
* Final version due:             4 December 2020 


SUBMISSION INFORMATION

Submitted papers should be in PDF, formatted using the EPTCS LaTeX style. The
length is restricted to 15 pages.

Submission is via EasyChair: https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=lfmtp2020 

All submissions will be peer-reviewed and accepted papers will be published in
the Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science (EPTCS) series. 


PROGRAM COMMITTEE

David Baelde, LSV, ENS Paris-Saclay & Inria Paris 
Frédéric Blanqui, INRIA
Alberto Ciaffaglione, University of Udine 
Dennis Müller, Friedrich-Alexander-University Erlangen-Nürnberg 
Michael Norrish, Data61 
Carlos Olarte, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norde 
Claudio Sacerdoti Coen, University of Bologna (PC Co-Chair) 
Ulrich Schöpp, fortiss GmbH 
Alwen Tiu, Australian National University (PC Co-Chair) 
Tjark Weber, Uppsala University
