
		    5th International Workshop on
Logical Frameworks and Meta-Languages: Theory and Practice (LFMTP'10)
		     http://lfmtp10.dimi.uniud.it

		July 14, 2010, Edinburgh, Scotland, UK
		Part of the Federated Logic Conference
	Affiliated with Logic in Computer Science (LICS 2010)

			   CALL FOR PAPERS

Important dates (NEW):
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Abstract submission:      1 April 2010
Paper submission:         4 April 2010
Author notification:      1 May 2010
Pre-proceedings version:  14 May 2010
Workshop day:             14 July 2010
Post-proceedings version: 14 August 2010
---------------------------------------------------------------------

The LFMTP workshop continues the International workshop on Logical
Frameworks and Meta-languages (LFM) and the MERLIN workshop on
MEchanized Reasoning about Languages with variable BIndingIN.

Logical frameworks and meta-languages form a common substrate for
representing, implementing, and reasoning about a wide variety of
deductive systems of interest in logic and computer science. Their
design and implementation on the one hand and their applications in
for example proof-carrying code have been the focus of considerable
research over the last two decades. This workshop will bring together
designers, implementors, and practitioners to discuss all aspects of
logical frameworks and variable binding.

The broad subject areas of LFMTP are:

* The automation and implementation of the meta-theory of programming
  languages and related calculi, particularly work which involves
  variable binding and fresh name generation.
* The theoretical and practical issues concerning the encoding of
  variable binding and fresh name generation, especially the
  representation of, and reasoning about, datatypes defined from binding
  signatures.
* Case studies of meta-programming, and the mechanization of the
  (meta)theory of descriptions of programming languages and other
  calculi.  Papers focusing on logic translations and on experiences
  with encoding programming languages theory are particularly welcome.

Topics include, but are not limited to

    * logical framework design
    * meta-theoretic analysis
    * applications and comparative studies
    * implementation techniques
    * efficient proof representation and validation
    * proof-generating decision procedures and theorem provers
    * proof-carrying code
    * substructural frameworks
    * semantic foundations
    * methods for reasoning about logics
    * formal digital libraries

Program Committee:

Stefan Berghofer  (TU Munich)
Yves Bertot       (INRIA Sophia-Antipolis)
Karl Crary        (Carnegie Mellon University, PC co-chair)
Amy Felty         (University of Ottawa)
Marino Miculan    (University of Udine, PC co-chair)
Benjamin Pierce   (University of Pennsylvania)
Andrew Pitts      (Cambridge University)
Carsten Schürmann (IT University of Copenhagen)

Steering Committee:

Andreas Abel      (INRIA)
Karl Crary        (Carnegie Mellon University)
Amy Felty         (University of Ottawa)
Marino Miculan    (University of Udine)
Michael Norrish   (NICTA)
Brigitte Pientka  (McGill University)
Carsten Schürmann (IT University of Copenhagen)

Paper Submission

Submission of papers is electronic. Authors must submit the paper
through the EasyChair server, at
http://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=lfmtp10. Authors are
required to submit a paper title and a short abstract before
submitting the papers (see important dates above). Accepted papers
will be presented at the workshop and included in the preliminary
proceedings, which will be made available in electronic form.

After the workshop, authors of accepted papers will be invited to
submit revised versions for inclusion in final post-proceedings, which
will be published in the Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical
Computer Science (EPTCS) http://eptcs.org.

Papers are to be submitted in PDF format, should not exceed 15 pages
including references, and must be prepared in LATEX using the EPTCS
macro package (http://style.eptcs.org). For further information and
submission instructions, see the LFMTP 2010 web page.


The organizers:

Karl Crary                       Marino Miculan
School of Computer Science       Dept. of Mathematics and Computer Science
Carnegie Mellon University       University of Udine
crary@cs.cmu.edu                 miculan@dimi.uniud.it
