This volume contains the papers presented at the 13th International
Workshop on Logical Frameworks and Meta Languages: Theory and Practice
(LFMTP'18) held on July 7, 2018, in Oxford, UK. The workshop was
affiliated with the 3rd International Conference on Formal Structures
for Computation and Deduction (FSCD) within the 7th Federated Logic
Conference (FLoC).

Logical frameworks and meta-languages form a common substrate for
representing, implementing and reasoning about a wide variety of
deductive systems of interest in logic and computer science. Their
design, implementation and their use in reasoning tasks, ranging from
the correctness of software to the properties of formal systems, have
been the focus of considerable research over the last two decades.
This workshop brought together designers, implementors and
practitioners to discuss various aspects impinging on the structure
and utility of logical frameworks, including the treatment of variable
binding, inductive and co-inductive reasoning techniques and the
expressiveness and lucidity of the reasoning process.

We received 13 submissions in total, which were reviewed by at least 3
program committee members or external reviewers. Out of those, 4 were
selected for presentation and 4 were selected for presentation and
publication in EPTCS. These proceedings include all of them plus one
invited submission.

In addition to the submission presentations, the program included 3
invited talks by Delia Kesner (IRIF, CNRS and Université Paris
Diderot, France), Kuen-Bang Hou (Favonia) (Institute for Advanced
Study, Princeton, USA), and Grigore Rosu (University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign, USA).

Many people have contributed to the success of LFMTP'18. We would like
to thank the organization of FLoC for providing the infrastructure and
coordination with other events. We are grateful for the great program
committee who submitted all reviews on time and participated actively
on the decisions. The authors and invited speakers are the ones
responsible for a very interesting program, and the attendees for
fruitful and stimulating discussions.

Frédéric Blanqui & Giselle Reis
May 31, 2018

Program Committee of LFMTP 2018

    María Alpuente (Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain)
    Andrej Bauer (University of Ljubljana, Slovenia)
    Frédéric Blanqui (Inria, France), co-chair
    Ana Bove (Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden)
    Stéphane Graham-Lengrand (CNRS, France)
    Makoto Hamana (Gunma University, Japan)
    Chantal Keller (Université Paris-Sud, France)
    Carlos Olarte (Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil)
    Giselle Reis (CMU, Qatar), co-chair
    Aaron Stump (University of Iowa, USA)
    Yuting Wang (Yale University, USA)

Additional Reviewers

    Arthur Charguéraud, Philipp Haselwarter, Matija Pretnar, and Nick Smallbone
